 (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to 
nt it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killi
pictures or conversation?'  So she was considering in her o
, down, down. Would the fall NEVER come to an end! 'I wonder h
at the time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actua
ouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rab
haracter string S. A trie is a tree structure, where each node r
 string can be used as an index to quickly locate every occur
odes traversed. Any finite set of words defines a trie, 
 Alice had not a moment to think about stoppi
e schoolroom, and though this wa
or the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the 
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sis
 then I wonder what Latitude or 
fixes of an n-character string S. A trie is a tree structure
s not a VERY good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there
se of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or conversation?'  So she
 think about stopping herself before
think it so VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself
.  Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for sh
of suffix trees is quite likely the answer
es ran close by her.  There was no
and of having nothing to do: onc
s the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to 
he rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel 
nd arrays are phenomenally useful data struc
ure of making a daisy-chain would be 
to?' (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either,
 way, and then dipped suddenly down, so 
t actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and
 the cupboards as she fell past it.  'Well!' thought Alice to herself, 'a
sidering how in the world she was to get o
t to think about stopping herself before she found 
 sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice s
ad no idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either, but thought they wer
versations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without 
ocessing algorithm from tex2html_wrap_inline26579 to linear time, p
 on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind tha
ere filled with cupboards and book-shelves; here and 
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the ban
ading, but it had no pictures or con
had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-p
fixes will branch off from each other at the first distinguishing character
len by this time?' she said aloud. 'I must b
 the schoolroom, and though this was not a VERY go
d. Any finite set of words defines a trie, and two words
cupboards as she fell past it.  'Well!
enly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself befor
story reported in Section gif. In its simplest instantiati
ice to herself, 'after such a fall as this, I shall 
me way, and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a m
ter on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice sh
 she found herself falling down a very deep well.  Either the well
when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran 
ctures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as
flashed across her mind that she 
nly that Alice had not a moment to
he fall NEVER come to an end! 'I wonder 
First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming to, but i
 at home! Why, I wouldn't say an
er on the bank, and of having nothin
 pictures or conversation?'  So she was considering in her own m
t down went Alice after it, never once conside
les down, I think--' (for, you see, Alice 
aw maps and pictures hung upon p
uddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.  There was not
use!' (Which was very likely true.)  Down, down, down. Would the f
 character, and the root represents 
had learnt several things of this sort in her lessons in th
n to look about her and to wonder what
 was going to happen next. First, sh
s in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought 
getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Le
traight on like a tunnel for some way, and then di
dering how in the world she was to get out again. 
the null string. Thus each path from the root represen
y TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and t
g string problems efficiently and with 
nd (as well as she could, for the hot day made her
 fallen by this time?' she said 
(Which was very likely true.)  Down, down, down. Would the fall NEVER
and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large
ow brave they'll all think me at home! Why, I wouldn't 
as there was no one to listen to her, still it was good practic
ne character, and the root represents the nul
K A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried
 say anything about it, even if I fell off the top of the ho
 was too dark to see anything; then she looked at the sides of 
ring can be used as an index to quickly locate
ownward!  The suffix array of a string can be used as an index to quickl
was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.  I
hite Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.  There was nothing 
t say anything about it, even if I fell off the top of the house!' 
 very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of
that would be four thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you se
 If you need to speed up a string processing algorithm from 
ction gif. In its simplest instantiation, a suffix tree is simply a tr
leaf represents the end of a string. Figure gif illustrates a sim
e every occurrence.  Suffix trees and arrays are phen
 structure, where each node repr
 near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four thousand mi
A trie is a tree structure, where each node represents
 and noticed that they were filled with c
d with elegance. If you need to speed up a string processing alg
tunity for showing off her knowled
 one character, and the root repr
 would be worth the trouble of getting up an
e had peeped into the book her sister was reading, bu
he well was very deep, or she fell ver
it over afterwards, it occurred to her that
pped suddenly down, so suddenly th
fter such a fall as this, I shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs! H
 she fell past it.  'Well!' thought Al
 across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit 
Alice 'without pictures or conversation?'  So she was considering in 
 at the first distinguishing character. Each 
 MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she
ructure, where each node represents one character, and
 (for, you see, Alice had learnt several thi
e.  In another moment down went Alice after it, never once con
g, described by the characters labe
 went down to look about her and to wonder what was g
and though this was not a VERY good opp
say anything about it, even if I fell off the top o
 look about her and to wonder what was g
ts a string, described by the characters labeling the n
ts a string, described by the characters labeling th
he fall NEVER come to an end! 'I wonder how many miles I've
 rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, a
t at the time it all seemed quite natural); bu
 and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anythi
 rabbit-hole under the hedge.  In another moment down went Al
 WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then 
 the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four thousand mil
ee, Alice had learnt several things of this sort in her lessons in
 Let me see: that would be four thousand miles down, I thi
nd pictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of th
ke out of it, and burning with curiosity
dark to see anything; then she looked at the si
 and fortunately was just in time
o VERY much out of the way to hear
ngs of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and thoug
ice had learnt several things of this sort in her l
d no idea what Latitude was, or Lon
, 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!'
y slowly, for she had plenty of time 
l very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleas
y, for she had plenty of time as she went dow
st be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth.
oment to think about stopping herself before she f
hough this was not a VERY good oppo
 the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTC
down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at home! Why, I wouldn't s
boards as she fell past it.  'Well!' thou
 did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody, so managed
tex2html_wrap_inline26579 to linear time, proper use of suffix t
here was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to
 wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?' she sai
of it, and burning with curiosity, she ra
 other at the first distinguishing character. Each leaf
all seemed quite natural); but when
 the house!' (Which was very likely true.)  Down, do
 the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I'v
lf, 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!' (when she thought 
upboards and book-shelves; here and there she
ice had no idea what Latitude was, or Longitude eit
, Alice started to her feet, fo
 large rabbit-hole under the hedge.  In 
rence.  Suffix trees and arrays
 off from each other at the first distinguishing character. Each lea
she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she looked
ered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural); but when t
wonder if I shall fall right THR
d fortunately was just in time to see it pop down
d 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did
the cupboards as she fell past it.  'Well!' thought Alice to herself, 'afte
o hear the Rabbit say to itself, 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!' (wh
erself, 'after such a fall as this, I shall t
 I shall fall right THROUGH the earth! How funny
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly th
had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder 
about the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I
he people that walk with their head
look down and make out what she was coming to, but it
per use of suffix trees is quite likely the answer. Indeed, suffix tre
r what was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and 
y it over) '--yes, that's about the right distance--but then I wonder wh
helves; here and there she saw maps and pictures hun
ds, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, bu
worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, 
nk it so VERY much out of the way to hear
tired of sitting by her sister on the ba
this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbi
 represents the end of a string. Figure gif illustrates 
. 'I wonder if I shall fall right THROUGH the
ntly she began again. 'I wonder if
considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot 
ersations in it, 'and what is the u
nt down went Alice after it, never once considering 
fell off the top of the house!' (Which was very likely true.)  Down
, but it was too dark to see anything; t
wn, down. Would the fall NEVER come to an end! 'I
ice 'without pictures or conversation?'  So she was consid
r she fell very slowly, for she had plen
fter such a fall as this, I shall think nothing of tumbling dow
F ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on,
rings that are suffixes of an n-character string S. A trie is a 
hink it so VERY much out of the way to hear
r such a fall as this, I shall 
ts the end of a string. Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
tree structure, where each node r
ss her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistc
egs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves a
ever once considering how in the worl
 it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it fl
used as an index to quickly locate every occ
 was no one to listen to her, still it was go
h from the root represents a string, 
g upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she
for some way, and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly 
n like a tunnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down, so sudde
Alice was beginning to get very 
re filled with cupboards and book-shelves; here and
 a string processing algorithm from tex2h
 was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody, 
ling the nodes traversed. Any finite set of words defines a trie
 answer. Indeed, suffix trees are the hero of the war story reported in S
ds and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and picture
oat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity,
alk with their heads downward!  T
hing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice t
st distinguishing character. Each leaf repre
d with elegance. If you need to speed up a string processin
ut of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself,
nd burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortu
ortunity for showing off her knowledge, as there
d into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or convers
t was too dark to see anything; then she looked at the sides of th
ome to an end! 'I wonder how many miles I've fal
 to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.
, she ran across the field after it, 
fterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wond
as going to happen next. First, she tried to look down
 she began again. 'I wonder if I sh
g in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot day made
a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to ta
ng in her own mind (as well as she could, f
 over) '--yes, that's about the right d
went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then 
ffix trees is quite likely the answer. Indee
ds to say.)  Presently she began again. 'I w
 she went down to look about her and to wonde
es or conversation?'  So she was considerin
OAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then 
e she found herself falling down a very deep well.  Either t
r! I shall be late!' (when she thought it over a
d practice to say it over) '--ye
er string S. A trie is a tree structure, where each node represents o
leasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of get
ection gif. In its simplest instantiation, a suffix t
plest instantiation, a suffix tree is simply a trie of the n stri
y locate every occurrence.  Suffix trees and
e had no idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either, but t
t me see: that would be four thousand miles down, I think--'
ble in that; nor did Alice think it so VERY much o
an end! 'I wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?' sh
tures for solving string problems efficient
de either, but thought they were nice gr
sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and t
atural); but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF I
nt several things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, an
e, and two words with common pre
 with common prefixes will branch
bout her and to wonder what was going to happen next. 
ced that they were filled with cupboar
d burning with curiosity, she ran 
 fallen by this time?' she said aloud. 'I must be getting somewhere
oing to happen next. First, she tried to look d
ay anything about it, even if I 
ashed across her mind that she had never before seen
elegance. If you need to speed up a string pr
hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed ac
e nice grand words to say.)  Presently she began again. 'I wonde
on, a suffix tree is simply a trie of the n st
: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was rea
 the end of a string. Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
, where each node represents one character, and the root r
he daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes r
 somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: 
, proper use of suffix trees is quite likely t
 hear the Rabbit say to itself, 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall 
r it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a
r solving string problems efficiently and with elegance.
ficiently and with elegance. If 
onversation?'  So she was consideri
wonder what Latitude or Longitude I've got to?' (Alice h
make out what she was coming to
n a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.  In anot
he suffix array of a string can be 
oing to happen next. First, she tried
 not like to drop the jar for fear of killing
 finite set of words defines a trie, and two words with common pre
ring how in the world she was to get out a
 feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure 
f, 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me
all fall right THROUGH the earth! H
nk, and of having nothing to do: once or twice
 the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White
 that walk with their heads downwa
s in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' tho
in.  The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some
ongitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to say.)  Prese
two words with common prefixes will branch off from each other
 simplest instantiation, a suffix tree is sim
ught Alice 'without pictures or conversation?'  So she was consi
ery slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to
ents a string, described by the characters labe
Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
bout stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very dee
s downward!  The suffix array of a
cter string S. A trie is a tree st
ok down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too 
 of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peepe
all NEVER come to an end! 'I wonder how many miles I've fallen by this 
 from each other at the first distinguishing character. 
reading, but it had no pictures or conv
lling down a very deep well.  Either t
, down, down. Would the fall NEVER come to 
 represents the end of a string. Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
 but thought they were nice grand words to say.)  Presently she began ag
words to say.)  Presently she began again. 'I wonder if I shall fall right
at Alice had not a moment to think about stopp
epresents the null string. Thus each path from the root represents a strin
ed. Any finite set of words defines a trie, and 
l string. Thus each path from the root represents a string, described by th
ain. 'I wonder if I shall fall ri
as to get out again.  The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tu
Alice was beginning to get very tired of 
h either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take 
ing the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink ey
thing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice 
 from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMAL
, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell of
nce--but then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I've got to?' (Al
Either the well was very deep, or she fell v
OUGH the earth! How funny it'll seem to come out among the people that
dark to see anything; then she looked at the sides of the well, and noti
nd what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or c
how in the world she was to get out aga
 processing algorithm from tex2html_wrap_inline26579 to linear time, pro
 somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she
, 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!' (when she thought it over a
own and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to 
dering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot day made her
use!' (Which was very likely true.)  Down, down, down. Would the fal
he Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at
upid), whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the tr
 earth! How funny it'll seem to come out among the people 
ee is simply a trie of the n strings that are suffixes of an n-c
nd words to say.)  Presently she began again. 'I wonder if I shall f
 for fear of killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cup
e tried to look down and make out what 
ory reported in Section gif. In its simplest instantiat
her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversation
urning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately 
Alice was beginning to get very tire
ndered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural); but
he well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she 
there she saw maps and pictures hung upon p
s in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures o
nite set of words defines a tri
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister
epresents the end of a string. Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
ng. Figure gif illustrates a simple tr
down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too 
. Thus each path from the root repres
character, and the root represents the null string
another moment down went Alice after i
ng herself before she found herself fa
d no idea what Latitude was, or L
. Indeed, suffix trees are the hero of the war 
 of killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of
rees is quite likely the answer. Indeed, suffix trees are t
pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and b
very occurrence.  Suffix trees a
 the Rabbit say to itself, 'Oh dear! Oh dea
a jar from one of the shelves as she passed;
d she was to get out again.  The rabbit-hole went s
her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it al
rop the jar for fear of killing some
ords with common prefixes will branch off
nd with elegance. If you need to speed up a str
e, Alice had learnt several thin
 me see: that would be four thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you s
across the field after it, and fortunat
world she was to get out again.  The rabbit-hole 
 then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it 
ting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: t
wledge, as there was no one to listen to her, still it was goo
 it'll seem to come out among the people t
ge, as there was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to sa
day made her feel very sleepy and stupid)
es are the hero of the war story reported in Section gif. In its sim
ot represents the null string. Thus each pat
he hero of the war story reported in Section gif. In i
ts simplest instantiation, a suffix tree is simply a trie of t
eaf represents the end of a string. Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
ay.)  Presently she began again. 'I wonder if
s just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under
(Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or Longitu
se by her.  There was nothing so VERY remarkabl
gitude either, but thought they were nice gra
hing about it, even if I fell off the top of the ho
g algorithm from tex2html_wrap_inline26
was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of tim
g about it, even if I fell off the top of t
it-hole under the hedge.  In another moment d
 string S. A trie is a tree structure, where each node represents one 
k it so VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself
roper use of suffix trees is quite likely the a
uffix trees and arrays are phenomenally useful d
uffix trees is quite likely the answer. Indeed, suf
see it pop down a large rabbit-hole un
d two words with common prefixes will branch off from each
ion, a suffix tree is simply a trie of the n strings that are suf
Longitude I've got to?' (Alice ha
as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was g
m from tex2html_wrap_inline26579 to linear time, proper use of su
 on the bank, and of having nothing 
k me at home! Why, I wouldn't say any
e was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice thin
sed as an index to quickly locate every occurrence.  Suffix trees and ar
 passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disappointmen
 Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her m
ut among the people that walk with their heads d
T, and looked at it, and then hurried on
ng by her sister on the bank, and
aistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out 
g problems efficiently and with elegance. If you need to speed up
, and two words with common prefixes will bra
tting up and picking the daisies, wh
onder if I shall fall right THROUGH the earth! How funn
e characters labeling the nodes travers
etting up and picking the daisies, when s
 every occurrence.  Suffix trees and arrays 
y it'll seem to come out among the people
g by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: 
was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedg
ing, described by the characters labeling the nodes traver
H OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Al
d what is the use of a book,' thought Al
gain.  The rabbit-hole went str
 she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pic
n stairs! How brave they'll all think me at home! Why, I wouldn'
ting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a W
n stairs! How brave they'll all think me at home! Why, I wouldn't say anyt
 VERY good opportunity for showing off her 
 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!' (wh
g off her knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, sti
gitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to s
ce.  Suffix trees and arrays are phenomen
ie of the n strings that are suffixes of an n-character string S. 
od opportunity for showing off her knowledge,
ed suddenly down, so suddenly that
pleasure of making a daisy-chain
me it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actuall
ut again.  The rabbit-hole went straight o
e to say it over) '--yes, that's about the right distanc
en she thought it over afterwar
sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do
 saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar
sed as an index to quickly locat
he had peeped into the book her sister was re
s, that's about the right distance--but then I wonder what Lat
fell past it.  'Well!' thought Alice to herself, 'after such a fall as th
fterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at 
to see anything; then she looked at th
 late!' (when she thought it over afterwards
e set of words defines a trie, and two w
ata structures for solving string problems efficiently a
it, even if I fell off the top of the house
 common prefixes will branch off from ea
he answer. Indeed, suffix trees are the hero of the war story reported
 it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALA
hen hurried on, Alice started to h
ind (as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and st
e or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was 
ll it was good practice to say 
er feet, for it flashed across her m
 index to quickly locate every occurrence.  Suffix
f the house!' (Which was very likely t
, you see, Alice had learnt several things of this 
suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think a
e as she went down to look about her and to wonder what w
 are phenomenally useful data structure
learnt several things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and
tch to take out of it, and burning
that walk with their heads downward!  The suffix array of a st
e, proper use of suffix trees is quite likely
 arrays are phenomenally useful data str
 the Rabbit say to itself, 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall b
me at home! Why, I wouldn't say anythin
then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed acro
out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, 
presents the end of a string. Figure gif il
g with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately wa
e had plenty of time as she went down to look about 
e nodes traversed. Any finite set of words defines a trie, an
lowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to look abo
 the root represents the null string. Thus each path from the root represe
ice started to her feet, for it flashed
so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so VERY much out of the
end of a string. Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
w in the world she was to get out again.  The rabbit-hole went
' thought Alice to herself, 'after such a fa
--' (for, you see, Alice had lear
ow many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud. 'I must be 
MARMALADE', but to her great disappointme
orithm from tex2html_wrap_inline26579 to linear time, proper use of s
ent straight on like a tunnel for so
ound herself falling down a very deep well.  Either the well w
hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the p
-' (for, you see, Alice had learnt several things of 
fix trees are the hero of the war story reported in Se
've got to?' (Alice had no idea what Latitude was
rays are phenomenally useful data st
e had peeped into the book her siste
  'Well!' thought Alice to herself, 'a
t Alice had not a moment to think about stopping hersel
suffixes of an n-character stri
hen she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they w
her and to wonder what was going to happen next. First, she tried to 
nd picking the daisies, when suddenly a White R
ing, described by the characters labeling the nodes traversed. Any fi
 of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this was 
ng somebody, so managed to put it into one of 
xes will branch off from each other at the first distinguishing cha
ations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without
, down, down. Would the fall NEVER come
what was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down 
e. If you need to speed up a string processing algorith
e fell past it.  'Well!' thought Alice to herself
rue.)  Down, down, down. Would t
 the earth. Let me see: that would be four thousand miles down, I think
come out among the people that walk with their head
f represents the end of a string. Figure gif illustr
time?' she said aloud. 'I must be getting
 to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.  In another mome
e!' (Which was very likely true.)  Down, down, down. Would the fall NEVER c
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitti
t when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT O
an close by her.  There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Ali
e got to?' (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or Lon
nately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabb
 did not like to drop the jar for fear
room, and though this was not a
itude or Longitude I've got to?' 
r conversation?'  So she was considering in her own mi
killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as
 The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way,
aloud. 'I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let
hink nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all thin
egs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was 
ing processing algorithm from tex2html_wrap_inline
esents one character, and the ro
 she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite n
to her that she ought to have wo
 the Rabbit say to itself, 'Oh 
acter string S. A trie is a tree stru
579 to linear time, proper use of suffix trees is quite likely the
ree is simply a trie of the n strings that are suffixes of an n-charact
not a VERY good opportunity for showin
tory reported in Section gif. In its
r sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'a
hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed 
, whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth
fixes will branch off from each other at the fir
that would be four thousand miles down, I think--' (for
, or Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand 
. Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and pick
ocket, or a watch to take out of 
lly TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKE
 THROUGH the earth! How funny it'll seem to come out among t
ally useful data structures for solving string problems efficiently an
he n strings that are suffixes of an n-char
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think 
d. 'I must be getting somewhere near the centre o
!' (Which was very likely true.)  Down, down, down. Would t
f killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as sh
e book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or 
war story reported in Section gif. In its simplest instantiation, a suffi
aking a daisy-chain would be worth the tro
uble of getting up and picking t
en she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought 
istance--but then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I've got to?' (Alic
 I shall fall right THROUGH the earth! How funny
string can be used as an index to quickly locate every occurrence.  S
herself falling down a very deep well.  Either the well was very deep, o
illing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as s
you need to speed up a string processin
ng S. A trie is a tree structure, where each node represents o
. Each leaf represents the end of a string. Figure gif ill
bit with pink eyes ran close by her.  There was no
ructures for solving string problems ef
, it occurred to her that she ought to ha
?' (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either,
nch off from each other at the first distin
 straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then dipp
once or twice she had peeped into the book he
ards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but 
esents the null string. Thus each path from the root represents a str
 it'll seem to come out among the people that w
d of sitting by her sister on the bank, 
thing about it, even if I fell off the top of the hous
 was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as
her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot day made her fee
e shelves as she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE
 with curiosity, she ran across the field after it,
ve wondered at this, but at the time it 
guishing character. Each leaf re
e late!' (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurr
hall think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll al
 as there was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it
26579 to linear time, proper use 
 way to hear the Rabbit say to itsel
uite likely the answer. Indeed, suffix trees are the hero of the 
ely was just in time to see it pop dow
essons in the schoolroom, and though this was not a VERY 
sents the end of a string. Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
ering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel
s she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE
ice after it, never once considering how in the world she w
that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping hersel
described by the characters labeling the nodes traversed. Any
t she had never before seen a rabbit with either a wais
conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,
er great disappointment it was 
s hung upon pegs. She took down 
tures or conversations in it, 'an
presents the end of a string. Figure gif illustrat
and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anythin
r was reading, but it had no pictures or conversation
d two words with common prefixes will branch off from 
 a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, an
many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud. 'I mu
e well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-s
racter. Each leaf represents the end of a string. Figure gif illu
her moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the 
then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly tha
al); but when the Rabbit actually TOO
 at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
 saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs. She took down a j
hat would be four thousand miles down, I think-
ointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar
each other at the first distinguishing character. Each leaf re
ty of time as she went down to look a
that walk with their heads downward!  The suffix array of a 
 pink eyes ran close by her.  Ther
cture, where each node represents one
nt Alice after it, never once considering how in the w
own went Alice after it, never once considering ho
t represents the null string. Thus each path from the root represents a str
ght Alice to herself, 'after such a fall as this, I s
e in that; nor did Alice think it s
ly and with elegance. If you need to speed up a string
and words to say.)  Presently she began again
 and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a momen
are phenomenally useful data structures for solvin
he fell past it.  'Well!' thought Alice to h
 making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up a
body, so managed to put it into one of the 
that; nor did Alice think it so VERY much out of the way to
ing herself before she found herself falling down a very deep well
this sort in her lessons in the school
omenally useful data structures fo
ut her and to wonder what was going to happen next. First, she tried to lo
od practice to say it over) '--yes, that's 
he house!' (Which was very likely true.)  Down
the well, and noticed that they were fil
ngs that are suffixes of an n-character string S. A trie is a tree
 Presently she began again. 'I 
is, I shall think nothing of tumbling 
across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a w
Each leaf represents the end of a stri
as very deep, or she fell very s
TS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and 
e sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled wit
 to speed up a string processing algorithm from tex2html_w
t it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and wha
g algorithm from tex2html_wrap_inline26579 to linear time
f before she found herself falling down a very deep well.  Either the well 
ht distance--but then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I've got 
be late!' (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred 
tures for solving string problems efficiently and with eleganc
ding, but it had no pictures or conversation
uctures for solving string problems efficiently an
ce think it so VERY much out of the way t
rd!  The suffix array of a string can be used as an
t it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear of 
all right THROUGH the earth! How funny it'll seem to come o
 (as well as she could, for the 
 she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disapp
lled with cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pi
des of the well, and noticed that they we
 feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of making a dais
 the answer. Indeed, suffix tre
sed. Any finite set of words defines a trie, and two words with
own a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; 
s for solving string problems efficiently and with elegance. If you need
 MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did not
urrence.  Suffix trees and arrays 
ght THROUGH the earth! How funny it'll seem to come out among the people 
s downward!  The suffix array of a string can be u
oing to happen next. First, she tried to look 
l NEVER come to an end! 'I wonder how many miles I've fal
path from the root represents a string, described by the charact
 fell past it.  'Well!' thought Alice to her
nswer. Indeed, suffix trees are the hero of the war s
 like to drop the jar for fear of k
her, but thought they were nice grand words to say.) 
 was considering in her own mind
en suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran clo
nts a string, described by the characters labeling the nodes traver
eads downward!  The suffix array of a st
ers labeling the nodes traverse
w brave they'll all think me at home! Why, I wouldn't
till it was good practice to say it over) '--yes, that's about the rig
o her, still it was good practice to say it 
it over) '--yes, that's about the right distance--but then I 
and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs. She took d
e said aloud. 'I must be getting somewhere near the centre of
to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book 
 Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her. 
nnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down, so sudd
 to look down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark 
ch other at the first distinguishing character. Each leaf represents the 
dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!' (when she thought it over afterw
rap_inline26579 to linear time, proper use of suffix trees is q
abbit with pink eyes ran close by her.  There was nothing so VERY remarka
r if I shall fall right THROUGH the earth! How funny it'll seem to 
was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she
orld she was to get out again.  The rabbit-hole w
ow funny it'll seem to come out among the people that walk with their h
y-chain would be worth the trouble of ge
ng; then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were fi
ll as this, I shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs! Ho
so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she 
on gif. In its simplest instantiation, a suffix tr
 from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE 
ure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of g
knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, s
at Latitude or Longitude I've got to
e--but then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I've got to?' (Alice ha
over) '--yes, that's about the right distance--but
p well.  Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowl
good opportunity for showing off her kno
l seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATC
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sittin
ross her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit wit
l it was good practice to say it over) '--yes, that's about
d of a string. Figure gif illustrates a simple trie. 
gs of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, 
 cupboards and book-shelves; here 
 though this was not a VERY good opportunity for showing of
rtunity for showing off her knowledge, 
es are the hero of the war story reported in Secti
or showing off her knowledge, as t
it, and burning with curiosity, she ran acros
labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to h
e is simply a trie of the n strings that are suffixes of an n-chara
der the hedge.  In another moment down went Alice after it, n
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her
tring. Thus each path from the root represen
how many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud. 'I must be get
aight on like a tunnel for some way, and 
t, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again.  T
ply a trie of the n strings that are suffixes of an n-character
g; then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were fi
 she ran across the field after it, and fortunately 
t is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictur
e getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: 
ed to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the ti
and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a
f her knowledge, as there was no one to listen t
ur thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you see, Al
it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it
close by her.  There was nothing so VERY remarkable in 
 a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.  In another momen
 the hedge.  In another moment down we
empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear o
thing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did
pping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep well.  
n another moment down went Alice after it, never once consi
 of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at home! Why
epresents one character, and the roo
len by this time?' she said alou
ind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either 
see anything; then she looked at the sides of the well,
 her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of m
hat walk with their heads downward!  The suffix array of a string can be u
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sist
 when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS
ind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-
ring can be used as an index to quickly locate e
l think me at home! Why, I wouldn't say anything about 
tcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and burnin
h this was not a VERY good opportunity f
tml_wrap_inline26579 to linear tim
d aloud. 'I must be getting somewhere near
 come to an end! 'I wonder how 
 say it over) '--yes, that's about the right dista
ADE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she
epresents one character, and the root represents the null s
f the top of the house!' (Which was very likely true.)  Down
 was no one to listen to her, stil
 There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice thi
self, 'after such a fall as this, I shall think nothing of tumbling dow
d picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with
 walk with their heads downward!  The suffix array of a string can be
 in Section gif. In its simplest instantiation, a suffix tre
x tree is simply a trie of the n strings that are 
d, suffix trees are the hero of the war st
at Alice had not a moment to think about sto
ling the nodes traversed. Any finit
are phenomenally useful data structures for solving strin
n across the field after it, an
 Alice think it so VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itse
with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a wa
d though this was not a VERY good oppor
k, and of having nothing to do: once or twice sh
 but thought they were nice grand words to say.)  Presently
wn mind (as well as she could, fo
 used as an index to quickly locate every occurren
DE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did not like to d
sed. Any finite set of words defines a trie, an
f before she found herself falling down a very deep well.  Either the well 
 there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar
led with cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she s
f the earth. Let me see: that would be fo
 to an end! 'I wonder how many miles I've
hought they were nice grand wor
ne character, and the root represents the null string. Thus each 
g to do: once or twice she had peeped into th
nk--' (for, you see, Alice had 
' thought Alice 'without pictures or conversation?'  So she was 
, 'after such a fall as this, I shall think nothing
lled with cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she
ything about it, even if I fell off the top of
r the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleas
h cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps a
 trees and arrays are phenomenally useful data struc
es down, I think--' (for, you see, Alice had learnt several things
ar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelle
to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natur
and two words with common prefi
